Update `synthetics_version` to v1.0.0-beta.32 (#2116)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/synthetics-command-reference.asciidoc

A unique id associated with your project.
It will be used for logically grouping monitors.
If you used <<elastic-synthetics-init-command, `init` to create a project>>, this is the `<name-of-project>` you specified.

[discrete]
[[elastic-synthetics-locations-command]]
== `elastic-synthetics locations`

List all available locations for running synthetics monitors.

[source,sh]
----
npx @elastic/synthetics locations --url <kibana-host> --auth <api-key>
----

Run `npx @elastic/synthetics locations` with no flags to list all the available global locations managed by Elastic for running synthetics monitors.

`--url`::

> The {kib} URL for the deployment to which you want to upload the monitors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {kib} URL to fetch all public and private locations configured. 
```
